Please try to observe the following rules when naming metrics:

- Use underbars "_" to separate words.

- Have the metric name start from generality and work toward specificity
toward the end.  For example, when working with multiple caching subsystems,
consider using the following structure "cache" + "user_credentials" →
"cache_user_credentials" and "cache" + "value_transformations" →
"cache_value_transformations".

- Have whatever is being measured follow the system and subsystem names cited
supra.  For instance, with "insertions", "deletions", "evictions",
"replacements" of the above cache, they should be named as
"cache_user_credentials_insertions" and "cache_user_credentials_deletions"
and "cache_user_credentials_deletions" and
"cache_user_credentials_evictions".

- If what is being measured has a standardized unit around it, consider
providing a unit for it.

- Consider adding an additional suffix that designates what the value
represents such as a "total" or "size"---e.g.,
"cache_user_credentials_size_kb" or
"cache_user_credentials_insertions_total".

- Give heed to how future-proof the names are.  Things may depend on these
names; and as your service evolves, the calculated values may take on
different meanings, which can be difficult to reflect if deployed code
depends on antique names.

Further considerations:

- The Registry's exposition mechanism is not backed by authorization and
authentication.  This is something that will need to be addressed for
production services that are directly exposed to the outside world.

- Engage in as little in-process processing of values as possible.  The job
of processing and aggregation of these values belongs in a separate
post-processing job.  The same goes for archiving.  I will need to evaluate
hooks into something like OpenTSBD.
